Experiment management documentation (#7)
qbicsoftware/research-data-management: docs/experiment/experiment_introduction.md

# Experiment Introduction

After a successful login you will be redirected to your personal landing page.

> From there, [navigate](../project/project_introduction.md#project-navigation) into your project of interest to see the project summary.

Reviewer: NIT: Is the link here necessary? I think it might make the user jump to something they don't want to know at the moment.

Author: I'd keep it for now since it's better to be thorough. In theory the introduction should enable a user to do the task even if no project has been defined yet, therefore the linkage was included

> In the project summary view you can either [navigate](#experiment-navigation) into an experiment

Reviewer: this links two sentences down, not sure if necessary

Author: I suspect that the introduction will change anyway and would keep the navigation aspect if people are truly lost for now 🤔

or [create a new experiment](experiment_creation.md).
## Experiment Navigation

> From the project summary you can navigate into your experiment via the experiment list.
> To do so, click on the name of the experiment you want to navigate into 
> in the experiment list on the top right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the project summary you can find your experiments via the experiment list on the top right.
Click on the name of an experiment to load the respective experiment.
```

![project_summary](../project/images/project_summary.png)

Alternatively you can also select your experiment of interest via clicking on its name in the 

> application drawer to the left

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application drawer to the left. All of the project's experiments are also available when you are already in one of the experiments.
```
I think this would be helpful information, but I am not sure if "in one of the experiments" is the best way to say this.
